Hello, good morning, young students
enrolled in the training courses
via skype from the training school
Luis Efe
here in bucaramanga colombia I give you the
welcome to this level
what
I'm going to make a very short video that
I just want
and tell them that the importance that
put a lot of interest in compliance
the tasks to achieve the objectives
and then I have already sent you the first
task that
and make an empirical design a design the
creation how you imagine you imagine a
shoe paint you send it to me
Skype or by mail
second task is to work freehand
freehand you already see a quantity of
a number of freehand designs
we have to do 50 or much more this is
the second task send me the
and as a third task
I sent him some templates so that
paste them print them stick them in cardboard
on cardboard and with those templates we're going
to start marking the in the returns and
I send you the videos how
does every exercise because we already started
to that process then welcome
remember my name is luis facundo ruiz
training school luis efe
I belong to the bank instructors of
sign
When I finish the course I give it a
I invite you to confirm that in your country
in schools like the cen
here and you already having the
knowledge and the constancy of
attention to the course
then there they can approve it for
that certify them in their own country is
supremely important in each of
I am already know, we are going to see design and
modeling first level design message
second level
Cutting trim is not over
This is the course you want to choose
Now that we are going to start is the
basic 20-year modeling then to
From that moment on, they begin to
get videos by camera we will be
then the problem is let's
dynamize what the process is then
it's a good day for all many successes
remember that the new success is
find before the effort we must
strive to achieve who learns a
course who is trained becomes free
and has more opportunities can be a
operator in a footwear company in his
own country or can produce ride your
footwear company head and the
jobs then it 's a one
projection open
some very important profiles then
Welcome to the course and I invite you to
Also keep watching the videos
youtube share them so that others
friends also achieve what you are going to
achieve from comments if suddenly
they are acquiring some experience and
they want to tell them over or youtube
because that's what it's about then
thanks to the continuations that you
they have done me and we are working this to
from that moment on in my work and
be with you because I am 12
hours of the day from 8 to 7 8 at night in
on computers
willing to answer any questions
worry about having to be all
you from the camera ask me
I go back and close keep doing the
processes work more than a thousand tasks
ask you that is the process
dynamic that we are going to do then
Welcome to the beautiful world of del
design and modeling
the design and mold lage is the creation
for the company for the good dressing of
humans the excellent shoes
elegance then everyone I want
to put yourself in your heart to be the
better and I can high the best me
I saw youtube highlighted the best
truth because what you have is the
that you do not have chosen is supremely
important but I the cep tiles
I evaluated them every time we go
ending a process for you
go auto evaluating processes
knowledge then hands to the work
let's work here is a teacher my
Facundo available for any
question I am to serve you I am for
learn from you
that the gentleman is the one who guides these courses